[Music]
[Applause]
Taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the
Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Taking
refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher
Shakyamuni. Taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. ...  Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha ...
Namo
Buddha,
Namo Dharma,
Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World,
Buddha
Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. ...  The original
teacher Shakyamuni Buddha takes refuge in the
Buddha,
takes refuge in the Dharma, and
takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha of the Nine Realms of
Suffering. ...  Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, the savior of the suffering realm. I take refuge in the
Buddha, in the Dharma, in the
Sangha.
Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the Buddha, in the Dharma, in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take
refuge in the Buddha, in the Dharma, in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, I take
refuge in the Dharma, in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo ...
Taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Savior of the Saha World, Shakyamuni Buddha. Taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the
Savior of the Saha World ...  The
Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes
refuge in the Dharma,
takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
Savior of the Saha World. The
Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes
refuge in the Dharma, takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes
refuge in the Dharma, takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes refuge in the Dharma, takes
refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes refuge in the
Dharma, takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The Buddha
Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes refuge in the
Dharma, takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the Buddha, takes refuge in the Dharma, takes refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Savior of the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World.
Namo
Sangha, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the Savior of the Saha World, taking refuge in the
Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni ...
Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the
Savior from Suffering in the Saha World, Shakyamuni Buddha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the Savior from Suffering in the Saha World, Namo Buddha, the Savior from Suffering in the Saha World, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha ...
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, savior of the distant realm. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, savior of the distant realm. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, savior of the
distant realm ...
Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo
Sangha, Namo Buddha, the original teacher Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, taking refuge in the
Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the original
teacher
Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the original teacher Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the original teacher
Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the
Dharma, taking
refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo ...
Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo
Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. ...
Namo Buddha, the original teacher of the
Saha world, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. ...
Namo Buddha,
Namo Dharma, Namo
TNG, Namo Nine Sufferings of the Saha World, Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo taking refuge in the Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Sufferings of the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
saving the Saha World, Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine
Sufferings of the Saha World  The original Buddha Shakyamuni takes refuge in the
Buddha,
takes refuge in the Dharma, takes refuge in the
Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha of the Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. ...
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the Buddha of the Nine Ancient Realms, taking refuge in the
Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha of the Nine Sufferings, the Buddha of the Nine Ancient Realms, Namo Buddha of the Nine Ancient Realms, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha of the Nine Ancient Realms, the
...  Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The original
teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
Buddha, the Nine Sufferings of the Saha World. The original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha, I take
refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the
savior from the sufferings of the Saha World. The original teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha, I take refuge in the
Buddha, I take
refuge in the Dharma, I take
refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the savior from the sufferings of the Saha World. The
original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo
Buddha, the nine sufferings of the Saha World. The original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha, I take refuge in the
Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the
savior from the sufferings of the Saha World.  Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the
Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the
Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the
Dharma, I take
refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine
Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, I take refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo
Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo
Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Nine Ancient Realms of the Saha World. Namo Buddha,
Namo
Buddha, Namo
Namo Buddha, Namo Sangha, Namo
Buddha, the Savior of the Ancient Realms of the Savatthi, Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo
Sangha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha ...
Taking refuge in the Sangha,
Namo Buddha,
Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Buddha, the Savior of the Saha World, Shakyamuni Buddha. Taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the
Dharma,
taking ...  The original
teacher Shakyamuni Buddha takes refuge in the
Buddha, takes
refuge in the Dharma, takes
refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha who saves the ancient realms of the
Saha world. ...  Namo
Buddha
Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the
Buddha,
taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Nine Ancient Realms. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Dharma, Namo Nine Ancient Realms. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma,
Namo Sangha ...
Namo
Dharma,
Namo Sangha, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, taking refuge in the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, ...
Namo
Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma,
Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Savior of the Saha
World, the Original Teacher
Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo
Sangha. Namo Buddha, the
Savior of the Saha World, the Original Teacher
Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Savior of the Saha World, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Buddha, taking refuge in the Dharma, taking refuge in the Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Dharma,
Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Savior of the Saha World, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo ... Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sang
Namo
Buddha, Namo Buddha, the original teacher of the Saha world, Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo
Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha. Namo
Buddha, the original teacher of the Saha world, Namo Buddha, the original teacher of the Saha world, Namo Buddha, Namo
[music]